Deployment preparation: `TokenPairRegistry` (#288)
balancer/balancer-deployments: v3/tasks/20250806-v3-token-pair-registry/readme.md

# 2025-08-06 - V3 Token Pair Registry

> Contains the `TokenPairRegistry` contract, which is used to store swap paths onchain.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Contains the `TokenPairRegistry` contract, which is used to store swap paths on-chain.
```
We have been hyphenating this everywhere.
